[DS - 1758] Adapt an existing bosh-release into a homework exercise (#5)
anynines/homework: bosh/README.md

## BOSH Introduction

Read the [introduction to BOSH](https://bosh.io/docs#intro). [This other resource](https://mariash.github.io/learn-bosh/#introduction) could be helpful too.

## Setup BOSH-CLI

Go to [the BOSH CLI docs](https://bosh.io/docs/cli-v2-install/) and install the BOSH CLI on your local machine.

> ## Fix the given boshrelease

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Fix the Given BOSH Release
```

we should use https://capitalizemytitle.com/ for capitalizing titles

Read the [documentation for creating releases](https://bosh.io/docs/create-release/) in BOSH. Then try to figure out how to fix the `ruby-app-release` provided under the `./bosh` directory. You should be able to run `create-release --force` and see the release being created.

> You should then run the unit-tests from the `./bosh/ruby-app-release/tests` directory,  using `bundle exec rspec job_spec.rb`. Your job is to fix the release so that it conforms to the unit tests, i.e. the tests pass successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should then run the unit tests for the job templates. First, you need to install the dependencies using [Bundler](https://bundler.io/) by running `bundle install`. Then, you can execute `bundle exec rspec bosh/ruby-app-release/tests/job_spec.rb`. Your job is to fix the release so that it conforms to the unit tests, i.e. the tests pass successfully.
```

Reviewer 2: The same exact instructions will be provided in a GDoc file. Do we even need the README here?

Reviewer: This is a really good question, let's talk about it tomorrow.
